README.md, before:

# Machine Learning Notes

Welcome to my Machine Learning notes repository. These notes are written in Markdown (.md) format for better presentation and ease of reference. This repository is intended to serve as a comprehensive guide and reference for various topics in Machine Learning.

## Repository Structure

The repository is organized into the following sections:

- **DataSets**: Contains datasets used for various machine learning projects and examples.
- **ML Basics**: Covers the fundamental concepts of Machine Learning.
- **Matplotlib**: Notes and examples on using Matplotlib for data visualization.
- **Numpy**: Notes on using Numpy for numerical computations.
- **Pandas**: Notes on using Pandas for data manipulation and analysis.
- **Python Basics**: Covers basic Python programming concepts.

## Getting Started

To view the notes, simply navigate to the relevant directory and open the `.md` files. You can view these files directly on GitHub or clone the repository to your local machine for offline access.

### Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/PratyayKoley/ML-notes-for-reference.git
cd ML-notes-for-reference

Commit message:

Stock Prices seaborn and kaggle

README.md, after:

# Machine Learning Notes

Welcome to my Machine Learning notes repository. These notes are written in Markdown (.md) format for better presentation and ease of reference. IDE used is VS Code. This repository is intended to serve as a comprehensive guide and reference for various topics in Machine Learning.

## Repository Structure

The repository is organized into the following sections:

- **DataSets**: Contains datasets used for various machine learning projects and examples.
- **ML Basics**: Covers the fundamental concepts of Machine Learning.
- **Matplotlib**: Notes and examples on using Matplotlib for data visualization.
- **Numpy**: Notes on using Numpy for numerical computations.
- **Pandas**: Notes on using Pandas for data manipulation and analysis.
- **Python Basics**: Covers basic Python programming concepts.
- **Seaborn**: Notes and examples on using Seaborn for statistical data visualization.

## Getting Started

To view the notes, simply navigate to the relevant directory and open the `.md` files. You can view these files directly on GitHub or clone the repository to your local machine for offline access.

### Clone the Repository

```bash
git clone https://github.com/PratyayKoley/ML-notes-for-reference.git
cd ML-notes-for-reference
```
